help/Find-PSResource.md, before:

---
external help file: PowerShellGet.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: PowerShellGet
online version:
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Find-PSResource

## SYNOPSIS
Searches for packages from a repository (local or remote), based on `-Name` and other package properties.

## SYNTAX

### ResourceNameParameterSet (Default)
``` PowerShell
[[-Name] <string[]>] [-Type <Microsoft.PowerShell.PowerShellGet.UtilClasses.ResourceType[]>] [-Version <string>] [-Prerelease] [-Tag <string[]>] [-Repository <string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-IncludeDependencies] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### CommandNameParameterSet
``` PowerShell
[[-CommandName] <string[]>] [-ModuleName <string>] [-Version <string>] [-Prerelease] [-Tag <string[]>]
[-Repository <string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-IncludeDependencies] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### DscResourceNameParameterSet
``` PowerShell
[[-DscResourceName] <string[]>] [-ModuleName <string>] [-Version <string>] [-Prerelease] [-Tag <string[]>]
[-Repository <string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-IncludeDependencies] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### TagParameterSet
``` PowerShell
[[-Name <string>][-Tag <string[]>] [-Prerelease]
[-Repository <string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-IncludeDependencies] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### TypeParameterSet
``` PowerShell
[[Name <string>] [-Prerelease]  [-Type <Microsoft.PowerShell.PowerShellGet.UtilClasses.ResourceType[]>]
[-Repository <string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-IncludeDependencies] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The `Find-PSResource` cmdlet searches for a package from a repository (local or remote) based on `-Name` or other package properties.

## EXAMPLES
These examples assume that the PSGallery repository is registered and contains the packages we are searching for.
### Example 1
```powershell
PS C:\> Find-PSResource -Name "Microsoft.PowerShell.SecretManagement" -Repository PSGallery
        Name                                    Version                         Prerelease   Description
        ----                                    -------                         ----------   -----------
        Microsoft.PowerShell.SecretManagement   1.0.0.0                                      This module ...
```

This examples searches for the package with `-Name` "Microsoft.PowerShell.SecretManagement". It returns the highest non-prerelease version for the package found by searching through the `-Repository` "PSGallery", which at the time of writing this example is version "1.0.0.0".

### Example 2
```powershell
PS C:\> Find-PSResource -Name "Microsoft.PowerShell.SecretManagement" -Repository PSGallery -Prerelease
        Name                                    Version                         Prerelease   Description
        ----                                    -------                         ----------   -----------
        Microsoft.PowerShell.SecretManagement   1.1.0.0                         preview2     This module ...
```

This examples searches for the package with `-Name` "Microsoft.PowerShell.SecretManagement". It returns the highest version (including considering prerelease versions) for the package found by searching through the specified `-Repository` "PSGallery", which at the time of writing this example is version "1.1.0-preview2".

### Example 3
```powershell
PS C:\> Find-PSResource -Name "Microsoft.PowerShell.SecretManagement" -Version "(0.9.0.0, 1.0.0.0]" -Repository PSGallery -Prerelease
        Name                                    Version                         Prerelease   Description
        ----                                    -------                         ----------   -----------
        Microsoft.PowerShell.SecretManagement   0.9.1.0                                      This module ...
        Microsoft.PowerShell.SecretManagement   1.0.0.0                                      This module ...
```

This examples searches for the package with `-Name` "Microsoft.PowerShell.SecretManagement". It returns all versions which satisfy the specified `-Version` range by looking through the specified `-Repository` "PSGallery". At the time of writing this example those satisfying versions are: "0.9.1.0" and "1.0.0.0".

## PARAMETERS

### -Credential
Optional credentials to be used when accessing a repository.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSCredential
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -IncludeDependencies
When specified, search will return all matched resources along with any resources the matched resources depends on.
Dependencies are deduplicated.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ModuleName
Specifies a module resource package name type to search for.
Wildcards are supported.
Not yet implemented.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Name of a resource or resources to find.
Accepts wild card character '*'.

```yaml
Type: System.String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName, ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: True
```

### -Prerelease
When specified, includes prerelease versions in search results returned.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Repository
Specifies one or more repository names to search.
If not specified, search will include all currently registered repositories, in order of highest priority, until a repository is found that contains the package.

```yaml
Type: System.String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Tag
Filters search results for resources that include one or more of the specified tags.

```yaml
Type: System.String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Type
Specifies one or more resource types to find.
Resource types supported are: Module, Script, Command, DscResource.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.PowerShell.PowerShellGet.UtilClasses.ResourceType[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Accepted values: Module, Script, DscResource, Command

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Version
Specifies the version of the resource to be returned.
Expected version/version range format is documented here: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/concepts/package-versioning#version-ranges

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### System.String[]

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.PowerShell.PowerShellGet.UtilClasses.PSResourceInfo

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[<add>](<add>)

Commit message:

update help files with note about minimum inclusive version not being supported according to NuGet version documentation

help/Find-PSResource.md, after:

---
external help file: PowerShellGet.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: PowerShellGet
online version:
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Find-PSResource

## SYNOPSIS
Searches for packages from a repository (local or remote), based on `-Name` and other package properties.

## SYNTAX

### ResourceNameParameterSet (Default)
``` PowerShell
[[-Name] <string[]>] [-Type <Microsoft.PowerShell.PowerShellGet.UtilClasses.ResourceType[]>] [-Version <string>] [-Prerelease] [-Tag <string[]>] [-Repository <string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-IncludeDependencies] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### CommandNameParameterSet
``` PowerShell
[[-CommandName] <string[]>] [-ModuleName <string>] [-Version <string>] [-Prerelease] [-Tag <string[]>]
[-Repository <string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-IncludeDependencies] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### DscResourceNameParameterSet
``` PowerShell
[[-DscResourceName] <string[]>] [-ModuleName <string>] [-Version <string>] [-Prerelease] [-Tag <string[]>]
[-Repository <string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-IncludeDependencies] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### TagParameterSet
``` PowerShell
[[-Name <string>][-Tag <string[]>] [-Prerelease]
[-Repository <string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-IncludeDependencies] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### TypeParameterSet
``` PowerShell
[[Name <string>] [-Prerelease]  [-Type <Microsoft.PowerShell.PowerShellGet.UtilClasses.ResourceType[]>]
[-Repository <string[]>] [-Credential <pscredential>] [-IncludeDependencies] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The `Find-PSResource` cmdlet searches for a package from a repository (local or remote) based on `-Name` or other package properties.

## EXAMPLES
These examples assume that the PSGallery repository is registered and contains the packages we are searching for.
### Example 1
```powershell
PS C:\> Find-PSResource -Name "Microsoft.PowerShell.SecretManagement" -Repository PSGallery
        Name                                    Version                         Prerelease   Description
        ----                                    -------                         ----------   -----------
        Microsoft.PowerShell.SecretManagement   1.0.0.0                                      This module ...
```

This examples searches for the package with `-Name` "Microsoft.PowerShell.SecretManagement". It returns the highest non-prerelease version for the package found by searching through the `-Repository` "PSGallery", which at the time of writing this example is version "1.0.0.0".

### Example 2
```powershell
PS C:\> Find-PSResource -Name "Microsoft.PowerShell.SecretManagement" -Repository PSGallery -Prerelease
        Name                                    Version                         Prerelease   Description
        ----                                    -------                         ----------   -----------
        Microsoft.PowerShell.SecretManagement   1.1.0.0                         preview2     This module ...
```

This examples searches for the package with `-Name` "Microsoft.PowerShell.SecretManagement". It returns the highest version (including considering prerelease versions) for the package found by searching through the specified `-Repository` "PSGallery", which at the time of writing this example is version "1.1.0-preview2".

### Example 3
```powershell
PS C:\> Find-PSResource -Name "Microsoft.PowerShell.SecretManagement" -Version "(0.9.0.0, 1.0.0.0]" -Repository PSGallery -Prerelease
        Name                                    Version                         Prerelease   Description
        ----                                    -------                         ----------   -----------
        Microsoft.PowerShell.SecretManagement   0.9.1.0                                      This module ...
        Microsoft.PowerShell.SecretManagement   1.0.0.0                                      This module ...
```

This examples searches for the package with `-Name` "Microsoft.PowerShell.SecretManagement". It returns all versions which satisfy the specified `-Version` range by looking through the specified `-Repository` "PSGallery". At the time of writing this example those satisfying versions are: "0.9.1.0" and "1.0.0.0".

## PARAMETERS

### -Credential
Optional credentials to be used when accessing a repository.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSCredential
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -IncludeDependencies
When specified, search will return all matched resources along with any resources the matched resources depends on.
Dependencies are deduplicated.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ModuleName
Specifies a module resource package name type to search for.
Wildcards are supported.
Not yet implemented.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Name of a resource or resources to find.
Accepts wild card character '*'.

```yaml
Type: System.String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName, ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: True
```

### -Prerelease
When specified, includes prerelease versions in search results returned.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Repository
Specifies one or more repository names to search.
If not specified, search will include all currently registered repositories, in order of highest priority, until a repository is found that contains the package.

```yaml
Type: System.String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Tag
Filters search results for resources that include one or more of the specified tags.

```yaml
Type: System.String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Type
Specifies one or more resource types to find.
Resource types supported are: Module, Script, Command, DscResource.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.PowerShell.PowerShellGet.UtilClasses.ResourceType[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Accepted values: Module, Script, DscResource, Command

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Version
Specifies the version of the resource to be found.
Can be an exact version or a version range, using the NuGet versioning syntax.

Expected NuGet Version/Version Range format is documented here: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/concepts/package-versioning#version-ranges.

All but the "minimum inclusive version" listed in the NuGet Version/Version Range documentation above are
supported. The NuGet version documentation suggested minimum inclusive version will be considered as a required version instead in PowerShellGet.
So inputting "1.0.0.0" as the version won't yield versions 1.0.0.0 and higher (minimum inclusive range)
but instead will consider that as the required version and yield version 1.0.0.0 only (required version).
To use the minimum inclusive range, provide "[1.0.0.0, ]" as the version range.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### System.String[]

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.PowerShell.PowerShellGet.UtilClasses.PSResourceInfo

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[<add>](<add>)
