help/Get-InstalledPSResource.md, before:

---
external help file: PowerShellGet.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: PowerShellGet
online version:
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-InstalledPSResource

## SYNOPSIS
Returns resources (modules and scripts) installed on the machine via PowerShellGet.

## SYNTAX

```
Get-InstalledPSResource [[-Name] <String[]>] [-Version <String>] [-Path <String>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The Get-InstalledPSResource cmdlet combines the Get-InstalledModule, Get-InstalledScript cmdlets from V2. It performs a search within module or script installation paths based on the -Name parameter argument. It returns PSResourceInfo objects which describes each resource item found. Other parameters allow the returned results to be filtered by version and path.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
PS C:\> Get-InstalledPSResource Az
```

This will return versions of the Az module installed via PowerShellGet.

### Example 2
```powershell
PS C:\> Get-InstalledPSResource Az -version "1.0.0"
```

This will return version 1.0.0 of the Az module.

### Example 3
```powershell
PS C:\> Get-InstalledPSResource Az -version "(1.0.0, 3.0.0)"
```

This will return all versions of the Az module within the specified range.

### Example 4
```powershell
PS C:\> Get-InstalledPSResource Az -Path .
```

This will return all versions of the Az module that have been installed in the current directory.

### Example 5
```powershell
PS C:\> Get-InstalledPSResource
```

This will return all versions and scripts installed on the machine.

## PARAMETERS

### -Name
Name of a resource or resources to find. Accepts wild card characters or a null value.

```yaml
Type: System.String[]
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName, ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: True
```

### -Path
Specifies the path to search in.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Version
Specifies the version of the resource to be returned. 
Can be an exact version or a version range, using the NuGet versioning syntax. 
Expected version/version range format is documented here: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/concepts/package-versioning#version-ranges

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.PowerShell.PowerShellGet.UtilClasses.PSResourceInfo
```
PSResourceInfo : {
    AdditionalMetadata
    Author
    CompanyName
    Copyright
    Dependencies
    Description
    IconUri
    Includes
    InstalledDate
    InstalledLocation
    IsPrerelease
    LicenseUri
    Name
    PackageManagementProvider
    PowerShellGetFormatVersion
    PrereleaseLabel
    ProjectUri
    PublishedDate
    ReleaseNotes
    Repository
    RepositorySourceLocation
    Tags
    Type
    UpdatedDate
    Version
}
```

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

update help files with note about minimum inclusive version not being supported according to NuGet version documentation

help/Get-InstalledPSResource.md, after:

---
external help file: PowerShellGet.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: PowerShellGet
online version:
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-InstalledPSResource

## SYNOPSIS
Returns resources (modules and scripts) installed on the machine via PowerShellGet.

## SYNTAX

```
Get-InstalledPSResource [[-Name] <String[]>] [-Version <String>] [-Path <String>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The Get-InstalledPSResource cmdlet combines the Get-InstalledModule, Get-InstalledScript cmdlets from V2. It performs a search within module or script installation paths based on the -Name parameter argument. It returns PSResourceInfo objects which describes each resource item found. Other parameters allow the returned results to be filtered by version and path.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
PS C:\> Get-InstalledPSResource Az
```

This will return versions of the Az module installed via PowerShellGet.

### Example 2
```powershell
PS C:\> Get-InstalledPSResource Az -version "1.0.0"
```

This will return version 1.0.0 of the Az module.

### Example 3
```powershell
PS C:\> Get-InstalledPSResource Az -version "(1.0.0, 3.0.0)"
```

This will return all versions of the Az module within the specified range.

### Example 4
```powershell
PS C:\> Get-InstalledPSResource Az -Path .
```

This will return all versions of the Az module that have been installed in the current directory.

### Example 5
```powershell
PS C:\> Get-InstalledPSResource
```

This will return all versions and scripts installed on the machine.

## PARAMETERS

### -Name
Name of a resource or resources to find. Accepts wild card characters or a null value.

```yaml
Type: System.String[]
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName, ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: True
```

### -Path
Specifies the path to search in.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Version
Specifies the version of the resource to be returned.
Can be an exact version or a version range, using the NuGet versioning syntax.

Expected NuGet Version/Version Range format is documented here: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/concepts/package-versioning#version-ranges.

All but the "minimum inclusive version" listed in the NuGet Version/Version Range documentation above are
supported. The NuGet version documentation suggested minimum inclusive version will be considered as a required version instead in PowerShellGet.
So inputting "1.0.0.0" as the version won't yield versions 1.0.0.0 and higher (minimum inclusive range)
but instead will consider that as the required version and yield version 1.0.0.0 only (required version).
To use the minimum inclusive range, provide "[1.0.0.0, ]" as the version range.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.PowerShell.PowerShellGet.UtilClasses.PSResourceInfo
```
PSResourceInfo : {
    AdditionalMetadata
    Author
    CompanyName
    Copyright
    Dependencies
    Description
    IconUri
    Includes
    InstalledDate
    InstalledLocation
    IsPrerelease
    LicenseUri
    Name
    PackageManagementProvider
    PowerShellGetFormatVersion
    PrereleaseLabel
    ProjectUri
    PublishedDate
    ReleaseNotes
    Repository
    RepositorySourceLocation
    Tags
    Type
    UpdatedDate
    Version
}
```

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS
