help/Install-PSResource.md, before:

---
external help file: PowerShellGet.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: PowerShellGet
online version: <add>
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Install-PSResource

## SYNOPSIS
Installs resources (modules and scripts) from a registered repository onto the machine.

## SYNTAX

### NameParameterSet
```
Install-PSResource [-Name] <String[]> [-Version <String>] [-Prerelease]
 [-Repository <String[]>] [-Credential <PSCredential>] [-Scope <ScopeType>] [-TrustRepository]
 [-Reinstall] [-Quiet] [-AcceptLicense] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The Install-PSResource cmdlet combines the Install-Module and Install-Script cmdlets from V2. 
It installs a resource from a registered repository to an installation path on a machine based on the -Name parameter argument. It does not return any object. Other parameters allow the resource to be specified by repository and version, and allow the user to suppress prompts or specify the scope of installation.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
PS C:\> Install-PSResource Az
```

Installs the Az module.

### Example 2
```powershell
PS C:\> Install-PSResource Az -Version "[2.0.0, 3.0.0]"
```

Installs the latest stable Az module that is within the range 2.0.0 and 3.0.0.

### Example 3
```powershell
PS C:\> Install-PSResource Az -Repository PSGallery
```

Installs the latest stable Az module from the PowerShellGallery.


### Example 3
```powershell
PS C:\> Install-PSResource Az -Reinstall
```

Installs the Az module and will write over any previously installed version if it is already installed.

## PARAMETERS

### -Name
Name of a resource or resources to install. Does not accept wildcard characters or a null value.

```yaml
Type: System.String[]
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Version
Specifies the version of the resource to be installed. 
Can be an exact version or a version range, using the NuGet versioning syntax. 
Expected version/version range format is documented here: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/concepts/package-versioning#version-ranges

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Prerelease
When specified, includes prerelease versions in search results returned.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Repository
Specifies one or more repository names to search.
If not specified, search will include all currently registered repositories, in order of highest priority, until first repository package is found in.

```yaml
Type: System.String[]
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Credential
Optional credentials to be used when accessing a repository.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSCredential
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Scope
Specifies the scope under which a user has access.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.PowerShell.PowerShellGet.UtilClasses.ScopeType
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases:
Accepted values: CurrentUser, AllUsers

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TrustRepository
Suppress prompts to trust repository. The prompt to trust repository only occurs if the repository is not already set to a trusted level.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Reinstall
Writes over any previously installed resource version that already exists on the machine.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Quiet
Supresses installation progress bar.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AcceptLicense
Specifies that the resource should accept any request to accept license. This will suppress prompting if the module mandates that a user accept their license.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## OUTPUTS
None

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

update help files with note about minimum inclusive version not being supported according to NuGet version documentation

help/Install-PSResource.md, after:

---
external help file: PowerShellGet.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: PowerShellGet
online version: <add>
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Install-PSResource

## SYNOPSIS
Installs resources (modules and scripts) from a registered repository onto the machine.

## SYNTAX

### NameParameterSet
```
Install-PSResource [-Name] <String[]> [-Version <String>] [-Prerelease]
 [-Repository <String[]>] [-Credential <PSCredential>] [-Scope <ScopeType>] [-TrustRepository]
 [-Reinstall] [-Quiet] [-AcceptLicense] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The Install-PSResource cmdlet combines the Install-Module and Install-Script cmdlets from V2. 
It installs a resource from a registered repository to an installation path on a machine based on the -Name parameter argument. It does not return any object. Other parameters allow the resource to be specified by repository and version, and allow the user to suppress prompts or specify the scope of installation.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
PS C:\> Install-PSResource Az
```

Installs the Az module.

### Example 2
```powershell
PS C:\> Install-PSResource Az -Version "[2.0.0, 3.0.0]"
```

Installs the latest stable Az module that is within the range 2.0.0 and 3.0.0.

### Example 3
```powershell
PS C:\> Install-PSResource Az -Repository PSGallery
```

Installs the latest stable Az module from the PowerShellGallery.


### Example 3
```powershell
PS C:\> Install-PSResource Az -Reinstall
```

Installs the Az module and will write over any previously installed version if it is already installed.

## PARAMETERS

### -Name
Name of a resource or resources to install. Does not accept wildcard characters or a null value.

```yaml
Type: System.String[]
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Version
Specifies the version of the resource to be installed.
Can be an exact version or a version range, using the NuGet versioning syntax.

Expected NuGet Version/Version Range format is documented here: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/concepts/package-versioning#version-ranges.

All but the "minimum inclusive version" listed in the NuGet Version/Version Range documentation above are
supported. The NuGet version documentation suggested minimum inclusive version will be considered as a required version instead in PowerShellGet.
So inputting "1.0.0.0" as the version won't yield versions 1.0.0.0 and higher (minimum inclusive range)
but instead will consider that as the required version and yield version 1.0.0.0 only (required version).
To use the minimum inclusive range, provide "[1.0.0.0, ]" as the version range.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Prerelease
When specified, includes prerelease versions in search results returned.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Repository
Specifies one or more repository names to search.
If not specified, search will include all currently registered repositories, in order of highest priority, until first repository package is found in.

```yaml
Type: System.String[]
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Credential
Optional credentials to be used when accessing a repository.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSCredential
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Scope
Specifies the scope under which a user has access.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.PowerShell.PowerShellGet.UtilClasses.ScopeType
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases:
Accepted values: CurrentUser, AllUsers

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TrustRepository
Suppress prompts to trust repository. The prompt to trust repository only occurs if the repository is not already set to a trusted level.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Reinstall
Writes over any previously installed resource version that already exists on the machine.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Quiet
Supresses installation progress bar.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AcceptLicense
Specifies that the resource should accept any request to accept license. This will suppress prompting if the module mandates that a user accept their license.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## OUTPUTS
None

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS
