help/Uninstall-PSResource.md, before:

---
external help file: PowerShellGet.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: PowerShellGet
online version:
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Uninstall-PSResource

## SYNOPSIS
Uninstalls a resource (module or script) that has been installed on the machine via PowerShellGet.

## SYNTAX

### NameParameterSet
```
Uninstall-PSResource [-Name] <String[]> [-Version <String>] [-SkipDependencyCheck] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### InputObjectParameterSet
```
Uninstall-PSResource [-InputObject] <PSResourceInfo> [-SkipDependencyCheck] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The Uninstall-PSResource cmdlet combines the Uninstall-Module, Uninstall-Script cmdlets from V2. 
It uninstalls a package found in a module or script installation path based on the -Name parameter argument. 
It does not return an object. 
Other parameters allow the returned results to be further filtered.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
PS C:\> Uninstall-PSResource Az
```

Uninstalls the latest version of the Az module.

### Example 2
```powershell
PS C:\> Uninstall-PSResource -name Az -version "1.0.0"
```

Uninstalls version 1.0.0 of the Az module.

### Example 3
```powershell
PS C:\> Uninstall-PSResource -name Az -version "(1.0.0, 3.0.0)"

Uninstalls all versions within the specified version range.
```

Uninstalls version 1.0.0 of the Az module.

## PARAMETERS

### -Name
Name of a resource or resources that has been installed. Accepts wild card characters.

```yaml
Type: System.String[]
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: True
```

### -Version
Specifies the version of the resource to be uninstalled.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SkipDependencyCheck
Skips check to see if other resources are dependent on the resource being uninstalled.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -InputObject
Used for pipeline input.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.PowerShell.PowerShellGet.UtilClasses.PSResourceInfo
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## OUTPUTS
None

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

update help docs for Get-PSResource and Uninstall-PSresource with rules for nuget versioning range and prerelease versions

help/Uninstall-PSResource.md, after:

---
external help file: PowerShellGet.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: PowerShellGet
online version:
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Uninstall-PSResource

## SYNOPSIS
Uninstalls a resource (module or script) that has been installed on the machine via PowerShellGet.

## SYNTAX

### NameParameterSet
```
Uninstall-PSResource [-Name] <String[]> [-Version <String>] [-SkipDependencyCheck] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### InputObjectParameterSet
```
Uninstall-PSResource [-InputObject] <PSResourceInfo> [-SkipDependencyCheck] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The Uninstall-PSResource cmdlet combines the Uninstall-Module, Uninstall-Script cmdlets from V2. 
It uninstalls a package found in a module or script installation path based on the -Name parameter argument. 
It does not return an object. 
Other parameters allow the returned results to be further filtered.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
PS C:\> Uninstall-PSResource Az
```

Uninstalls the latest version of the Az module.

### Example 2
```powershell
PS C:\> Uninstall-PSResource -name Az -version "1.0.0"
```

Uninstalls version 1.0.0 of the Az module.

### Example 3
```powershell
PS C:\> Uninstall-PSResource -name Az -version "(1.0.0, 3.0.0)"
```

Uninstalls all versions within the specified version range.

### Example 4
```powershell
PS C:\> Uninstall-PSResource -name Az -version "[4.0.1, 4.1.0]"
```

Assume that the following versions are already installed for package Az: 4.0.1-preview, 4.1.0, 4.0.2-preview installed, this will uninstall all versions (stable and prerelease) which fall within the specified version range. Per NuGetVersion rules, a prerelease version is less than a stable version, so 4.0.1-preview is actually less than the 4.0.1 specified version so 4.0.1-preview does not fall within the specified version range and won't be removed. Versions 4.1.0 and 4.0.2-preview do fall in the range and will both be removed.

### Example 4
```powershell
PS C:\> Uninstall-PSResource -name Az -version "[4.0.1, 4.1.0]" -Prerelease
```

Assume that the following versions are already installed for package Az: 4.0.1-preview, 4.1.0, 4.0.2-preview installed. This is the same example as above, except the added `-Prerelease` parameter means only prerelease versions which fall within this range will be removed. Again, per NuGetVersion rules, a prerelease version is less than a stable version, so 4.0.1-preview is actually less than the 4.0.1 specified version. Therefore 4.0.1-preview does not fall within the specified version range and won't be removed. Version 4.1.0 does fall in range however it is not a prerelease version so it will remain installed. Version 4.0.2-preview does fall in the range and is prerelease so it will be removed.


## PARAMETERS

### -Name
Name of a resource or resources that has been installed. Accepts wild card characters.

```yaml
Type: System.String[]
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: True
```

### -Version
Specifies the version of the resource to be uninstalled.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SkipDependencyCheck
Skips check to see if other resources are dependent on the resource being uninstalled.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -InputObject
Used for pipeline input.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.PowerShell.PowerShellGet.UtilClasses.PSResourceInfo
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## OUTPUTS
None

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS
