help/Update-PSResource.md, before:

---
external help file: PowerShellGet.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: PowerShellGet
online version:
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Update-PSResource

## SYNOPSIS
Updates a package already installed on the user's machine.

## SYNTAX

### NameParameterSet (Default)
```
Update-PSResource [-Name] <String[]> [-Version <String>] [-Prerelease] [-Repository <String[]>]
 [-Scope <Microsoft.PowerShell.PowerShellGet.UtilClasses.ScopeType>] [-TrustRepository] [-Credential <PSCredential>] [-Quiet] [-AcceptLicense] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The Update-PSResource cmdlet replaces the Update-Module and Update-Script cmdlets from V2.
It updates an already installed package based on the `-Name` parameter argument.
It does not return an object. Other parameters allow the package to be updated to be further filtered.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
PS C:\> Get-InstalledPSResource -Name "TestModule"
        Name                                    Version                         Prerelease   Description
        ----                                    -------                         ----------   -----------
        TestModule                              1.2.0                                        test

PS C:\> Update-PSResource -Name "TestModule"

PS C:\> Get-InstalledPSResource -Name "TestModule"
        Name                                    Version                         Prerelease   Description
        ----                                    -------                         ----------   -----------
        TestModule                              1.3.0                                        test
        TestModule                              1.2.0                                        test

```

In this example, the user already has the TestModule package installed and they update the package. Update-PSResource will install the latest version of the package without deleting the older version installed.

## PARAMETERS

### -AcceptLicense
For resources that require a license, AcceptLicense automatically accepts the license agreement during the update.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Credential
Specifies optional credentials to be used when accessing a private repository.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSCredential
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies name of a resource or resources to update.

```yaml
Type: System.String[]
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: "*"
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName, ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: True
```

### -Prerelease
When specified, allows updating to a prerelease version.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Quiet
Supresses progress information.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Repository
Specifies one or more repository names to update packages from.
If not specified, search for packages to update will include all currently registered repositories in order of highest priority.

```yaml
Type: System.String[]
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Scope
Specifies the scope of the resource to update.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.PowerShell.PowerShellGet.UtilClasses.ScopeType
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Accepted values: CurrentUser, AllUsers

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TrustRepository
Specifies optional credentials to be used when accessing a private repository.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Version
Specifies the version the resource is to be updated to.
Expected version/version range format is documented here: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/concepts/package-versioning#version-ranges

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### System.String[]

## OUTPUTS

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[<add>](<add>)

Commit message:

update help files with note about minimum inclusive version not being supported according to NuGet version documentation

help/Update-PSResource.md, after:

---
external help file: PowerShellGet.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: PowerShellGet
online version:
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Update-PSResource

## SYNOPSIS
Updates a package already installed on the user's machine.

## SYNTAX

### NameParameterSet (Default)
```
Update-PSResource [-Name] <String[]> [-Version <String>] [-Prerelease] [-Repository <String[]>]
 [-Scope <Microsoft.PowerShell.PowerShellGet.UtilClasses.ScopeType>] [-TrustRepository] [-Credential <PSCredential>] [-Quiet] [-AcceptLicense] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The Update-PSResource cmdlet replaces the Update-Module and Update-Script cmdlets from V2.
It updates an already installed package based on the `-Name` parameter argument.
It does not return an object. Other parameters allow the package to be updated to be further filtered.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
PS C:\> Get-InstalledPSResource -Name "TestModule"
        Name                                    Version                         Prerelease   Description
        ----                                    -------                         ----------   -----------
        TestModule                              1.2.0                                        test

PS C:\> Update-PSResource -Name "TestModule"

PS C:\> Get-InstalledPSResource -Name "TestModule"
        Name                                    Version                         Prerelease   Description
        ----                                    -------                         ----------   -----------
        TestModule                              1.3.0                                        test
        TestModule                              1.2.0                                        test

```

In this example, the user already has the TestModule package installed and they update the package. Update-PSResource will install the latest version of the package without deleting the older version installed.

## PARAMETERS

### -AcceptLicense
For resources that require a license, AcceptLicense automatically accepts the license agreement during the update.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Credential
Specifies optional credentials to be used when accessing a private repository.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSCredential
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies name of a resource or resources to update.

```yaml
Type: System.String[]
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: "*"
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName, ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: True
```

### -Prerelease
When specified, allows updating to a prerelease version.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Quiet
Supresses progress information.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Repository
Specifies one or more repository names to update packages from.
If not specified, search for packages to update will include all currently registered repositories in order of highest priority.

```yaml
Type: System.String[]
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Scope
Specifies the scope of the resource to update.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.PowerShell.PowerShellGet.UtilClasses.ScopeType
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Accepted values: CurrentUser, AllUsers

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TrustRepository
Specifies optional credentials to be used when accessing a private repository.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Version
Specifies the version of the resource to be updated to.
Can be an exact version or a version range, using the NuGet versioning syntax.

Expected NuGet Version/Version Range format is documented here: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/concepts/package-versioning#version-ranges.

All but the "minimum inclusive version" listed in the NuGet Version/Version Range documentation above are
supported. The NuGet version documentation suggested minimum inclusive version will be considered as a required version instead in PowerShellGet.
So inputting "1.0.0.0" as the version won't yield versions 1.0.0.0 and higher (minimum inclusive range)
but instead will consider that as the required version and yield version 1.0.0.0 only (required version). To use the minimum inclusive range, provide "[1.0.0.0, ]" as the version range.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: NameParameterSet
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### System.String[]

## OUTPUTS

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[<add>](<add>)
